Mental Health is one of the most ignored health in India.  According to the National Mental Health Survey of India (2015-16), about 13.7% of the Indian population was estimated to be suffering from some form of mental disorder. So we came up with an application which will analyze their mental health stature with innovative approach of the client with an interactive user experience.

For Fresh Users, the application will indulge user through a set of daily life questions which will be helpful knowing their current mental well-being. This whole process will undergo entirely 'Anonymous' which will make introverted community comfortable to surf through.
This is the only application in the industry which provides a gamified user experience with an anonymous platform for privacy of users. This application will deal basic mind games to training extensive mental health problems like depression, anxiety, ADHD, schizophrenia which makes it available to larger domain. Post-COVID pandemic there is a tremendous rise and demand of mental health applications in the society. Over 20,000 applications made with over $3.3 billion by 2027 with 20% hike supports the statement. The current forefront application cannot hold the individual due to lack of 'Real-Time Engagement' and Gamified experience. Nowadays people having Short Attention Span and Ease of Entertainment we need an application which will embrace Calmness. This is what our idea is trying to achieve by resonating individual with positivity.
